{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf840
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13380\viewh14600\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This package will install Python 3.8.3 for macOS 10.9 or later for the following architecture(s): x86_64.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Certificate verification and OpenSSL\

\b0 \ulnone \
This package includes its own private copy of OpenSSL 1.1.1.   The trust certificates in system and user keychains managed by the 
\i Keychain Access 
\i0 application and the 
\i security
\i0  command line utility are not used as defaults by the Python 
\f1 ssl
\f0  module.  A sample command script is included in 
\f1 /Applications/Python 3.8
\f0  to install a curated bundle of default root certificates from the third-party 
\f1 certifi
\f0  package ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://pypi.org/project/certifi/"}}{\fldrslt https://pypi.org/project/certifi/}}).  Double-click on 
\f1 Install Certificates
\f0  to run it.\
\
The bundled 
\f1 pip
\f0  has its own default certificate store for verifying download connections.\
\

\b \ul Using IDLE or other Tk applications 
\b0 \ulnone \
\
This package includes its own private version of Tcl/Tk 8.6. It does not use any system-supplied or third-party supplied versions of Tcl/Tk.\
\
Due to new security checks on macOS 10.15 Catalina, when launching IDLE macOS may open a window with a message 
\b "Python" would like to access files in your Documents folder
\b0 .  This is normal as IDLE uses your 
\b Documents
\b0  folder as its default when opening and saving files; you can still choose other locations in the 
\b Open
\b0  and 
\b Save
\b0  file dialog windows.  Click on the 
\b OK
\b0  button to proceed.\

\b \ul \
macOS 10.15 (Catalina) Gatekeeper Requirements [changed in 3.8.2]\

\b0 \ulnone \
As of 2020-02-03, Apple has changed how third-party installer packages, like those provided by python.org, are notarized for verification by Gatekeeper and begun enforcing additional requirements such as code signing and use of the hardened runtime.  As of 3.8.2, python.org installer packages now meet those additional notarization requirements.  The necessary changes in packaging should be transparent to your use of Python but, in the unlikely event that you encounter changes in behavior between 3.8.1 and 3.8.2 in areas like ctypes, importlib, or mmap, please check bugs.python.org for existing reports and, if necessary, open a new issue.\

\b \ul \
Other changes\

\b0 \ulnone \
For other changes in this release, see the 
\i What's new
\i0  section in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.python.org/doc/"}}{\fldrslt Documentation Set}} for this release and its 
\i Release Notes
\i0  link at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.python.org/downloads/"}}{\fldrslt https://www.python.org/downloads/}}.\
\
My web application is a website that describes some aspects of the brain as the website name is \'93brainstorm\'94. The programs that run through the code on visual studio code is Django and Python with the use of HTML coding assistance. The code consists of the website link in order to access the website. Once the link is clicked, it takes the user to a sign up page that requests your name, email, and a creation of a password. After that, the user is directed to a survey to target the interests of the users. A GET response is programmed in order to access other resources. If the user does not want to create an account for updates, the user can access a guest server for use. If the user is logged in, then the user also has access to log out aspect as well. In order to keep security the website also provides a 404 error page. Finally the website consists a contact us page for another further information the user may want. }